with the melbourne aquarium this morning
I'm gonna have a little bit of swim
around the in the big tank here with a
few the through the Sharks
we just had a briefing about um you know
all the gear and what's down there and
welcome to attack us and basically yeah
just sort of give us a bit of a rundown
on how to use the oxygen tank and the
mask lights on stuff so yeah a little
bit nervous I'm just just with all the
with the breather just reading out the
mouth I've never really though before
but um three point two meter shark down
there
was it named Mitchell the big fella so
hopefully doesn't scare me too much
I think sharks and pick up the fear and
thinking she's uh he's stressing out so
thinks he's Evel Knievel he wants to
jump in there without a tent without a
tank or anything we see the Grahams are
great you know I've been you and we're
very lucky to get the opportunity to
have a daughter and we're just two
better yeah do a little bit of training
so hopefully it all goes well
Yeah right fine
the size of the animals when you're down
there whether it was just they just huge
they're just massive special some of
those big stingrays coming over tapas
I'd love to go again actually it's good
fun it was great fun there's a really
good experience there's plenty of fish
down there
what did you think of that shark when
you got up close and personal
they're pretty frightening actually the
big fella I think his name's Mitchell
he was just cruising around lucky he had
a belly full he was fiddling through a
hungry button which is a good thing
you